This folder contains games that I made on Unity. I have completed 2 games and I am currently working another.

I've posed all the C# scripts here, and the games can be played using this link: https://tropopica.itch.io/ 

Descriptions of the games:

1) Whale Evolution: This is my first Unity game. It is a 10 level game where a whale is faced with obstacles
                    and the player must choose features for the whale to develop in order to overcome the obstacles.
                    
                    In this game, I wrote all the code in C#, created all the assets and animations on procreate and I made the music on Garage Band.
                    I learned how the basics of unity and how to manipulate game objects, scenes and animations.
                    
                    
2) Matching Game: This is a simple memory game against the computer. There are 5 computer opponents to play against (me and my friends). There are different
                  levels of difficulty depending on who you decide to play against. 
                  
                  The levels work as follows:   easy level: the computer chooses cards at random
                                                medium level: the computer beggins with a small probability of getting a match, and the probability 
                                                              increases throught the game (to simulate an average player)
                                                hard level: as soon as two matching cards have been flipped, the computer matches them on its next turn
                                                cheater level: the computer plays at the medium level but cheats once in a while by opening three cards in one 
                                                               turn, or by stealing a point from the player.
                                                               
                  My sister and I created the drawings and assets on procreate, and I wrote the C# code.
                  Making this game, I learned how to manipulate GameObjects and their Transform component.
                 
                                                               
3) Poptropica island: As a kid, I loved the game Poptropica, which is an adventure game. It has multiple islands, each one having a different mission. I created
                      one of my own Poptropica islands. In this game the character goes through different scenes, talks to other characters, collects 
                      objects and uses objects.
                      
                      In this game I drew the scenes and characters, and I created C# scripts to manipulate them.
                      I learned how to make player controls from scratch (walking, running, jumping, croughing), I learned how to use
                      rigging for animation and how to create character customization..

      
    
